Country, Warning Level, Recommendation, The Threatened Area, Detail
Uganda,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to recent terrorist events in Uganda and concerns about the existence of various terror infrastructures in the country and their activities, there is a continuous potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
Uzbekistan,03/04,"Common border area between Uzbekistan and Afghanistan: High threat level (Level 4), it is recommended to avoid within 30 kilometers of the border. Other areas of the country: Moderate threat level (Level 3), and non-essential travel is advised to be avoided.","Entire country","Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Austria,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Australia,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Ukraine,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Uruguay,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available.
Azerbaijan,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the concern about the existence of various terror infrastructures in Azerbaijan, there is a continuous potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
United Arab Emirates,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"There is ongoing terrorist activity in the UAE, posing a real risk to Israelis residing/visiting the country."
Italy,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Bahamas,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available.
Marshall Islands,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available.
Seychelles,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Solomon Islands,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available.
Indonesia,03/04,"High threat level (Level 4) – Recommended to avoid: Western Papua, Sulawesi Islands, Sumatra, Aceh Province, and parts of Java. Moderate threat level (Level 3) – Non-essential travel is advised to be avoided: Rest of Indonesia.","Entire country","Due to the terrorist activities of Muslim organizations in various areas of Indonesia, targeting government and civilian targets, there is a concern for the safety of Israelis residing/visiting the country."
Iceland,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available.
Iran,04,Travel ban to the country,Entire country,"Given the deep-seated animosity towards Israel by the Iranian government and potential terrorist threats, there is a real risk to the security of Israelis visiting/residing in this country. Furthermore, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli citizens are prohibited from visiting this country."
Ireland,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, centered around protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motives to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced precautionary measures."
El Salvador,01,Normal precautionary measures,N/A,No information available."
Albania,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Algeria,04,Avoid visiting,Entire country,"The country has terrorist activity, with recent attacks by groups such as JNIM and ISIS, holding strongholds in the country. Anti-Israel hostility is also present in Algerian streets. Therefore, there is a real security risk for Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Angola,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Andorra,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Antigua and Barbuda,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Estonia,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Afghanistan,04,Avoid visiting,Entire country,"Due to persistent threats from terrorist organizations, including the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, and ISIS, causing numerous casualties monthly in the population and local security forces, there is a real security risk for Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
El Salvador,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Argentina,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Eritrea,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Armenia,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
United States,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Ethiopia,01/02,Occasional threat (Level 2) - Enhanced precautions recommended: South and East of the country. No travel advisory (Level 1) - Normal precautions recommended: Rest of the country.,South and East of the country (see map),"Due to concerns about the presence of terrorist infrastructure of the Al-Shabaab organization in the country and their activity, there is a persistent potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the Somali region of Ethiopia and the border area with Djibouti. Please note that Ethiopia is also under a travel advisory from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."
Bhutan,01,Normal precautions,None,No information available.
Bulgaria,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Bolivia,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Bosnia and Herzegovina,03,Avoid Non-Essential Travel,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider avoiding non-essential travel to this country."
Botswana,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Burundi,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Not Applicable,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Burkina Faso,04,Avoid Visiting the Country,Entire Country,"In recent years, there has been a noticeable escalation in terrorist activity in the country by global Jihadist elements. In this context, terrorist attacks, including attacks on tourist targets in the capital, have occurred, including an attack on the French embassy building. Therefore, there is a risk to the lives of Israelis visiting this country."
Burma,04,Avoid Visiting,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended not to travel to this country."
Belarus,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,No information available.
Belgium,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Belize,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,"There is no travel warning in connection with terrorism in this country. However, due to the security situation in the country following ""Iron Blades,"" the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued recommendations for Israelis expected to visit the country. [Link](https://www.gov.il/en/departments/publications/reports/belize201123)"
Bangladesh,04,Avoid Any Visit/Stay in the Country,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Benin,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Bhutan,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,No information available."
Bosnia,02/04,"High Threat Level (Level 4) - Avoid Visiting: Approximately 30 km from the border with Burkina Faso. Opportunistic Threat (Level 2) - Recommended to take enhanced caution measures: Rest of the country.",Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Barbados,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,No information available.
Brunei,03,Avoid Non-Essential Travel,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider avoiding non-essential travel to this country."
Brazil,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Britain,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Gabon,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Georgia,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Ghana,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in motivation for terror entities to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Guatemala,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,No information available.
Guyana,01,Normal Precautionary Measures,Not Applicable,No information available.
Djibouti,02/04,"High threat level (level 4), "Avoid travel: Approximately 30 km from Djibouti's border with Somalia in the south and 30 km from Djibouti's border with Eritrea in the north. Elevated threat level (level 2) – Exercise increased caution: Remaining areas of the country.","Entire country,"Due to concerns about terrorist activity by the Somali group ""Al-Shabaab,"" exercise increased caution when staying in Djibouti. Additionally, avoid travel within at least 30 km of Djibouti's border with Somalia in the south and the border with Eritrea in the north."
Guinea,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Equatorial Guinea,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Guinea-Bissau,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Jamaica,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Gambia,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Germany,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Grenada,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Dominica,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Denmark,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
South Africa,03,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
South Sudan,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Haiti,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Maldives,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
India,02/04,"High threat level (level 4), "Avoid all visits/stays in the country: Kashmir region, except for Ladakh due to a tangible and concrete terrorist threat. Elevated threat level (level 2) – Exercise increased caution: Remaining areas of India.","Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Netherlands,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Hong Kong,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Hungary,02,"Exercise increased caution,"Entire country,"Due to the heightened animosity towards Israelis and Jews worldwide following the ""Iron Blades"" war, characterized by protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents to exercise increased caution."
Honduras,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Dominican Republic,01,"Normal safety precautions,"None,"No information."
Central African Republic,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Throughout the country,"Due to widespread terrorism and a volatile security situation in all regions of the Central African Republic, there is a real risk to Israelis who visit/stay in the country. We recommend avoiding travel to the country."
Republic of the Congo,02,Heightened precautions,Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Vietnam,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Vatican City,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Vanuatu,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Venezuela,02,Heightened precautions,Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Zimbabwe,02,Heightened precautions,Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Zambia,02,Heightened precautions,Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Shenzhen,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Throughout the country,"Due to terrorist activities in the country, particularly by radical Islamic organizations, there is a credible threat to the security of Israeli citizens residing in Shenzhen."
Tajikistan,04/03,"High threat level (Level 4): Avoid any visit within 30 kilometers of the common border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan due to a concrete concern that terrorist elements operating in Afghanistan may attempt to harm/kidnap tourists, including Israelis. Medium threat level (Level 3): Avoid non-essential travel to the rest of the country.",Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Tobago,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Togo,02/04,"High threat level (Level 4): Avoid any visit/stay in the country, approximately 30 km from the Togo border with Burkina Faso. Occasional threat (Level 2): Exercise heightened precautions for the rest of the country.",Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Tonga,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Taiwan,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Tanzania,02,Heightened precautions,Throughout the country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, including protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to exercise heightened precautions when staying in the country."
Trinidad and Tobago,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Greece,02,Enhanced caution measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Japan,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Jordan,04,Do not travel to this country,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorists will target Israelis residing in Jordan, especially in the context of the ""Swords of Iron"" war, it is advised to avoid traveling to this country, and if staying, leave the country."
Kuwait,04,Avoid arrival,Entire country,"Due to terrorist activities in the country, with an emphasis on radical Islamic organizations, there is a tangible threat to the safety of Israeli citizens residing in Kuwait."
Laos,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Lebanon,04,Travel prohibition,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist organizations operating in the country (Hezbollah, Palestinian terrorism, and global Jihad), and deep-seated animosity towards Israel, there is a severe terrorism risk for all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Lebanon. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Libya,04,Avoid arrival,Entire country,"In this country, there has been a long-standing civil war alongside extensive activities of numerous terrorist organizations, some with local agendas. Terror attacks and violent actions are common in Libya, posing a serious risk to Israelis visiting Libya."
Luxembourg,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Latvia,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Liberia,02,Enhanced caution measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Lithuania,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Liechtenstein,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Lesotho,02,Enhanced caution measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Mauritania,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Mauritius,02,Enhanced caution measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Mali,04,Avoid arrival,Entire country,"In the country, there is activity by several terrorist organizations, such as the ""Islamic State"" and Jama'at Nusrat al-Islam wal-Muslimin (JNIM) associated with al-Qaeda. Concurrently, local groups like the MNLA operate in the region. These organizations carry out attacks against various targets, posing a significant threat to Israelis visiting Mali."
Madagascar,02,Enhanced caution measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Mozambique,04/02,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid arrival: Northern part of the country due to terror activity by extreme Islamic groups in the Cabo Delgado region. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Take enhanced caution measures: Rest of Mozambique.,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in terrorist motivations to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Moldova,01,Normal caution measures,Not available,No information
Mongolia,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Montenegro,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Monaco,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
East Timor (Democratic Republic),01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Myanmar,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Micronesia,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Malawi,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take increased precautions."
Malaysia,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Malta,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take increased precautions."
Egypt,04,Do not go to this country,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements will try to harm Israelis residing in Egypt, especially against the backdrop of the ""Swords of Iron"" war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country. In case of stay, it is recommended to leave the country."
Mexico,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Morocco,03,Take increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements will try to harm Israelis residing in Morocco, especially against the backdrop of the ""Swords of Iron"" war, it is advisable to avoid non-essential travel to this country."
Norway,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Nigeria,02/04,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel: Northern part of the country. Occasional threat (Level 2) - Take increased precautions: Southern part of the country,Entire country,"Due to ongoing activities of the terror organization ""Boko Haram,"" with an emphasis on the northern part of the country, there is a persistent potential threat throughout the country. It should be noted that a more severe threat exists in the northern part of the country."
New Zealand,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Niger,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the threat of JNIM (Group for Support of Islam and Muslims) in the northern part of the country and terrorist activities in West Africa (""Boko Haram"" organization) from the south, there is a threat of kidnappings and attacks against local and Western targets, including Israelis and Jews."
Nicaragua,01,Regular precautions,None,"The country does not have a travel warning regarding terrorism. However, due to the negative atmosphere and attitude towards Israelis, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends avoiding travel to the country at this time. [More information](https://www.gov.il/he/departments/publications/reports/nicaragua181223)"
Namibia,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Swords of Iron"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take increased precautions."
Nepal,01,Regular precautions,None,No information
Sao Tome and Principe,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced precautions."
Sudan,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to travel to this country."
Eswatini,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced precautions."
Somalia,04,Avoidance,Entire country,"Due to persistent terrorism threats in Somalia and deep-seated animosity from the Muslim population towards Israel, there is a credible and ongoing terrorist threat to Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Syria,04,Travel to Syria is prohibited,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terror elements in the country, notably Iran and Hezbollah, alongside the continued presence of global Jihad organizations, there is a severe and persistent threat to Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Syria. Furthermore, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Suriname,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Sierra Leone,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential trips to this country."
China,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced precautions."
Singapore,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Egypt (Sinai Peninsula),04,Do not travel to this country, and if staying, leave the country,Sinai Peninsula,"Due to concerns that terrorists will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Sinai, against the backdrop of the ""Iron Swords"" war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country, and if staying, to leave the country."
Slovenia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,"While there is no specific terrorism-related travel warning for this country, due to the floods in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued recommendations for Israelis planning to visit the country."
Slovakia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Samoa,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
San Marino,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Senegal,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential trips to this country."
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Saint Lucia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Saint Kitts and Nevis,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Spain,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Following the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced precautions."
Serbia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Sri Lanka,01,Normal precautions,No information available,No information available
Oman,04,Avoiding any visit/stay in the country.,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Iraq,04,"A prohibition on entry to Iraq, including the Kurdish region.",Whole country - including the Kurdish region,"Due to extensive terrorist activity in the country, some of which have declared their intention to harm Israel, there is a real risk to Israelis visiting/staying in the country, including the Kurdish region in northern Iraq. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli citizens are prohibited from visiting this country."
Saudi Arabia,03,Travel prohibition,Whole country,"Due to extreme terrorist infrastructure and deep public hostility towards Israel, there is a severe terrorist threat to all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in the country. Furthermore, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Palau,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Poland,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Portugal,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Fiji,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Philippines,04\02,High threat level (Level 4) - South of the country: It is recommended to avoid visiting Mindanao region and the Sulu Archipelago due to the presence and activities of terrorist organizations; Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - It is recommended to take enhanced precautionary measures: Rest of the Philippines.,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Finland,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Panama,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Papua New Guinea,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Paraguay,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Peru,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
North Macedonia,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Chad,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential trips to this country."
Chile,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Czech Republic,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
France,02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Chechnya (Russia),04,Prohibition of entry,Whole country,"Due to the presence of terrorist elements in Chechnya, there is a risk to the security and well-being of Israelis who visit/stay in the country."
Cuba,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Colombia,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Kosovo,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Costa Rica,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
Comoros (Comoros Islands),02,Enhanced precautionary measures,Whole country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, manifested in protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take enhanced precautionary measures."
Democratic Republic of the Congo,04\02,"High threat level (Level 4) - Avoidance recommended: East of the country, North of the country, and Kasaï regions. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - It is recommended to take enhanced precautionary measures: Rest of Congo.","Nord (North) Kivu, Sud (South) Kivu, Ituri, Haut-Uele, Bas-Uele, Tanganyika, and three Kasaï regions.","Since 2019, an increase in the activity of various terrorist organizations (including operatives of the ""Islamic State"") has been identified in several provinces in the east, south, and north of Congo. There is a risk to the security and well-being of Israelis visiting/staying in these areas."
North Korea,01,Regular precautionary measures,NA,No information available.
North Korea,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Kazakhstan,03,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Qatar,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Cape Verde,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Kyrgyzstan,03,Enhanced precautions,NA,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Kiribati,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Cambodia,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Cameroon,04\02,"High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to the north of the country due to the presence of the ""Boko Haram"" terror organization. Occasional threat (Level 2) - Take enhanced precautions in the rest of the country.",Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are."
Canada,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Kenya,02\03,"Moderate threat level (Level 3) - Avoid non-essential travel to the north and east of the country (border area with Somalia and coastal areas), due to the presence of Islamic terrorist organizations (Al-Shabaab in Somalia); Occasional threat (Level 2) - Take enhanced precautions in other parts of the country.",Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are."
Cyprus,01,Regular precautions,NA,"There is no travel warning for Cyprus in the context of terrorism. However, the northern part is subject to a travel warning by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and it is recommended to update details for those planning to visit the northern part of Cyprus."
Croatia,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Rwanda,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Romania,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Russia,02\04,"High threat level (Level 4) - Do not go to the North Caucasus region; Occasional threat (Level 2) - It is recommended to take enhanced precautions in other parts of the country.",Republics of Adygea, Chechnya, Dagestan, Ingushetia, Kabardino-Balkaria, Kalmykia, Karachay-Cherkessia, North Ossetia-Alania, and the regions of Krasnodar and Stavropol,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Sweden,02,Enhanced precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews where they are. Therefore, it is recommended for residents in the country to take enhanced precautions."
Switzerland,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information
Thailand,01\04,"High threat level (Level 4) - It is recommended to avoid travel to the south of the country (excluding the islands). No travel warning (Level 1) - It is recommended to take regular precautions in other areas of Thailand.",Provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, in the south of Thailand,"In southern Thailand, there is ongoing terrorist activity with local recommendations, particularly in the ""Deep South"" provinces adjacent to Malaysia. The BRN organization, responsible for dozens of attacks each year, is prominent. Therefore, there is a risk to Israelis staying/visiting in the provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, in the south of Thailand."
Tunisia,04,"High threat level (Level 4) - It is recommended to avoid travel: Due to concerns about terrorist activity, especially in the western part of the country, the area near the borders with Algeria and Libya, and the southern areas of the country.",Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Turkey,04,"Do not travel to this country, and in case of stay, leave the country.",Entire country,"Due to the fear that terror elements will try to harm Israelis residing in Turkey, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country, and in case of stay, leave the country."
Turkmenistan,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terror elements to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Yemen,04,Prohibited to arrive,Entire country,"Due to the existence of terrorist infrastructures in the country (with an emphasis on the Houthis), there is a severe risk of terrorism for all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Yemen. Additionally, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are forbidden to visit this country."




