Country,Warning Level,Recommendation,The Threatened Area,Detail,
Uganda,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to recent terrorist incidents in Uganda and concerns about the existence of various terror infrastructures in the country and their activities, there is a persistent potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
Uzbekistan,03/04,"Common border area between Uzbekistan and Afghanistan: High threat level (Level 4), recommended to avoid within 30 kilometers of the border. Other areas of the country: Moderate threat level (Level 3), and it is recommended to avoid non-essential travel,"Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. In light of this, it is advisable to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Austria,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Australia,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Ukraine,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Uruguay,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Azerbaijan,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the potential existence of various terror infrastructures in Azerbaijan, there is a persistent potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
United Arab Emirates,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"There is ongoing terrorist activity in the UAE, posing a real threat to Israelis residing/visiting the country."
Italy,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Bahamas,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Marshall Islands,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Seychelles,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Solomon Islands,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Indonesia,03/04,"High threat level (Level 4) - Recommended to avoid: Western Papua, Sulawesi Islands, Sumatra, Aceh Province, and parts of Java. Moderate threat level (Level 3) - Recommended to avoid non-essential travel: Other areas of Indonesia,"Entire country,"Due to the ongoing activities of Muslim terrorist organizations in various areas of Indonesia, targeting both government and civilian targets, there is a risk to the lives of Israelis residing/visiting the country."
Iceland,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Iran,04,Travel ban to the country,Entire country,"Due to deep-seated animosity towards Israel by the Iranian government and potential terrorist threats, there is a real risk to the security of Israelis visiting/residing in this country. Moreover, Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country under the ""Infiltration Law."""
Ireland,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
El Salvador,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Albania,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Algeria,04,Avoid visiting the country,Entire country,"There is terrorist activity in the country by organizations such as JNIM and ISIS, holding strongholds in the country. Additionally, there is hostility in Algerian streets towards Israelis. Therefore, there is a real security risk to Israelis visiting/residing in this country."
Angola,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Andorra,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Antigua and Barbuda,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Estonia,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Afghanistan,04,Avoid visiting the country,Entire country,"Due to the persistent threat from terrorist organizations, including the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, and the Islamic State (ISIS), causing numerous casualties every month in the population and local security forces, there is a real security risk to Israelis visiting/residing in this country."
Ecuador,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Argentina,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increase in terrorist motivations to harm Israelis/Jews in their location. Therefore, residents in the country are advised to take enhanced cautionary measures."
Armenia,01,Normal cautionary measures,No information available.
Armenia,01,Regular precautions,No,No information
United States,01,Regular precautions,No,No information
Ethiopia,"01/02","Occasional threat (Level 2) - Recommended to take increased precautions: South and East of the country. No travel warning (Level 1) - Recommended to take regular precautions: Other areas of the country.","South East of the country (see map)","Due to the concern about the presence of terrorist infrastructure of the Somali organization Al-Shabaab in the country and their activity, there is a potential ongoing threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the Somali region of Ethiopia and the border area with Djibouti. Please note that Ethiopia also has a travel warning from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."
Bhutan,01,Regular precautions,No,No information
Bulgaria,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Bolivia,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Bosnia and Herzegovina,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Considering this, it is recommended to avoid non-essential travel to this country."
Botswana,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Burundi,02,Increased precautions,No,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Burkina Faso,04,Avoid visiting the country,Entire country,"In recent years, there has been a noticeable escalation in terrorist activity in the country by global jihadist elements. As part of this, terrorist attacks have been carried out, including attacks on tourist targets in the capital, including an attack on the French embassy building. Due to this, there is a risk to the lives of Israelis visiting this country."
Bahrain,04,Avoid visiting the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Belarus,01,Regular precautions,No,No information
Belgium,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Belize,01,Regular precautions,No,"There is no travel warning for this country in the context of terrorism. However, due to the security situation in the country following ""Iron Swords,"" the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has published recommendations for Israelis expected to visit the country. [Link to recommendations](https://www.gov.il/he/departments/publications/reports/belize201123)"
Bangladesh,04,Avoid all visits/stays in the country,Entire country,"Due to the presence and activities of supporters and members of global Jihadist organizations, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Benin,"02/04","High threat level (Level 4) - Recommended to avoid visiting: About 30 km from the border of Benin with Burkina Faso. Occasional threat (Level 2) - Recommended to take increased precautions: Rest of the country.","Entire country","Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Barbados,01,Regular precautions,No,No information
Brunei,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential trips to this country."
Brazil,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Britain,02,Increased precautions,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Gabon,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Georgia,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Ghana,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Guatemala,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Guyana,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Djibouti,02/04,"High threat level (level 4) - Avoid travel: approximately 30 km from the border with Somalia in the south and 30 km from the border with Eritrea in the north. Occasional threat level (level 2) - Recommended to take enhanced cautionary measures: rest of the country.",Entire country,"Due to the concern about terrorist activity by the Somali organization ""Al-Shabaab,"" it is advisable to take enhanced cautionary measures when staying in Djibouti. Also, it is recommended to avoid areas at least 30 km from the border of Djibouti with Somalia in the south and the border with Eritrea in the north."
Guinea,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Equatorial Guinea,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Guinea-Bissau,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Jamaica,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Gambia,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Germany,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Grenada,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Dominica,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Denmark,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
South Africa,03,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews living in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
South Sudan,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Haiti,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Maldives,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
India,02/04,"High threat level (level 4) - Avoid any visit/stay in the country: Kashmir region, except for Dal Lake due to concrete and imminent terror threat. Occasional threat level (level 2) - Recommended to take enhanced cautionary measures: rest of India.",Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Netherlands,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Hong Kong,01,Normal cautionary measures,N/A,No information
Hungary,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Honduras,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Dominican Republic,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Central African Republic,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire Country,"Due to extensive terror activity and a precarious security situation in all regions of the Central African Republic, there is a real risk to Israelis who visit or stay in the country. It is recommended to avoid going to the country."
Republic of Congo,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Vietnam,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Vatican,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Vanuatu,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Venezuela,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Zimbabwe,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Zambia,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Gaza Strip,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire Country,"Due to terrorist activities in the country, including radical Islamic organizations, there is a concrete threat to the security of Israeli citizens residing in the Gaza Strip."
Tajikistan,04/03,"High Threat Level (Level 4): Avoid any visit within 30 kilometers of the common border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan due to a real concern that terrorist elements operating in Afghanistan will try to harm/kidnap tourists, including Israelis. Moderate threat level (Level 3): It is recommended to avoid non-essential travel to other areas of the country.",Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews, especially those residing in the country. In light of this, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Tuvalu,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Togo,02/04,"High Threat Level (Level 4): Avoid any visit/stay in the country, about 30 km from the border between Togo and Burkina Faso. Opportunistic threat (Level 2): It is recommended to take enhanced caution measures in other areas of the country.",Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Tonga,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Taiwan,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Tanzania,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Trinidad and Tobago,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Greece,02,Enhanced Caution Measures,Entire Country,"Due to the ""Iron Blades"" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Japan,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Jordan,04,Do not travel to this country,Entire Country,"Due to the fear that terrorist elements will try to harm Israelis residing in Jordan, against the background of the ""Iron Blades"" war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country, and in case of stay, leave the country."
Kuwait,04,Avoid travel,Entire Country,"Due to terrorist activity in the country, with an emphasis on radical Islamic organizations, there is a tangible threat to the security of Israeli citizens residing in Kuwait."
Laos,01,Regular Caution Measures,N/A,No information available
Lebanon,04,Travel Ban,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist organizations operating in its territory (Hezbollah, Palestinian terrorism, and global jihad), and deep public hostility towards Israel, there is a severe risk of terrorism against all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Lebanon. Additionally, according to the 'Infiltration Law,' Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Libya,04,Avoidance,Entire country,"This country has experienced a long-standing civil war, alongside extensive terrorist activity, some with local agendas. Terrorist attacks and violent actions are frequent in this country, posing a severe risk to Israelis visiting Libya."
Luxembourg,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Latvia,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Liberia,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Lithuania,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Liechtenstein,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Lesotho,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Mauritania,04,Avoidance,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Mauritius,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Mali,04,Avoidance,Entire country,"In the country, there is activity by several terrorist organizations, such as the Islamic State and Jama'at Nusrat al-Islam wal Muslimeen (JNIM) associated with al-Qaeda. Simultaneously, local organizations with local agendas, such as the MNLA, operate in the area. These organizations carry out attacks against various targets, posing a real risk to Israelis visiting Mali."
Madagascar,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Mozambique,04/02,High Threat Level (Level 4) - Recommended to Avoid: Northern part of the country due to terrorist activity by extreme Islamic groups in the Cabo Delgado region. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Recommended to take heightened precautions: Rest of Mozambique,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Moldova,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Mongolia,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Montenegro,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Monaco,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
East Timor (Democratic Republic),01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Myanmar,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Micronesia,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Malawi,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Malaysia,04,Avoidance,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Malta,02,Heightened Precautions,Entire country,"Due to the 'Iron Blades' war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in terrorist motivation to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to take heightened precautions while staying in the country."
Egypt,04,"Do not go to this country, and in case of stay, leave the country",Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorists will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Egypt, especially against the backdrop of the 'Iron Blades' war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country. In case of stay, it is recommended to leave the country."
Mexico,01,Normal Precautions,No information available,
Morocco,03,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements may attempt to harm Israelis residing in Morocco, especially against the backdrop of the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, it is advisable to avoid non-essential travel to the country."
Norway,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Nigeria,02/04,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Northern part of the country. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Southern part of the country,"Throughout the country, there is a continuous threat from the ""Boko Haram"" terror organization, with an emphasis on the northern part. There is a persistent potential threat throughout the country. It should be emphasized that a more severe threat exists in the northern part of the country."
New Zealand,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Niger,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ongoing activities of the JNIM (Group of Muslim Terrorist Organizations) in the northern part of the country and terrorist activities in West Africa (""Boko Haram"" organization) from the south, there is a potential threat of abductions and attacks against local and foreign targets, including Israelis and Jews."
Nicaragua,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Namibia,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Nepal,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Sao Tome and Principe,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Sudan,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews staying in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to travel to this country."
Eswatini,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Somalia,04,Avoid travel,Entire country,"Due to ongoing terrorist threats in Somalia and deep-seated animosity towards Israel from the Muslim community, there is a tangible terrorist threat against Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Syria,04,Prohibition on entry to Syria,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist elements in the country, with an emphasis on Iran and Hezbollah, alongside the continued presence of global Jihad organizations, there is a severe and persistent threat to Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Syria. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Suriname,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Sierra Leone,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews staying in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
China,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Singapore,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Egypt (Sinai Peninsula),04,Do not travel to this country,Entire Sinai Peninsula,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements may attempt to harm Israelis residing in Sinai, especially against the backdrop of the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, it is advisable not to travel to this country, and in case of staying, to leave the country."
Slovenia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Slovakia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,"There is no travel warning for this country in the context of terrorism. However, due to the floods in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued recommendations for Israelis planning to visit the country."
Samoa,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
San Marino,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Senegal,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews staying in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Saint Lucia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Saint Kitts and Nevis,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Spain,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Serbia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Sri Lanka,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Oman,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements may attempt to harm Israelis residing in Oman, especially against the backdrop of the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, it is advisable not to travel to this country, and in case of staying, to leave the country."
Iraq,04,Prohibition on entry to Iraq,Entire country - including the Kurdish region,"Due to extensive terrorist activity by various terror organizations in the country, some of which have declared their intention to harm Israel, there is a tangible risk to Israelis visiting/staying in the country, including in the Kurdish region in northern Iraq. Additionally, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Saudi Arabia,03,Travel prohibition,Entire country,"Due to extreme terrorist infrastructure and deep-seated animosity towards Israel, there is a severe terrorist threat against all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in the country. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Palau,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Poland,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Portugal,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Fiji,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Philippines,04/02,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Mindanao region and the Sulu Archipelago. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Rest of the Philippines,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Finland,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Panama,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Papua New Guinea,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Pakistan,04,Avoid any visit,Entire country,"Due to the intense presence and activity of terrorist and extremist elements throughout Pakistan, alongside widespread hostility towards Israel, there is a real security risk to Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Paraguay,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Peru,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
North Macedonia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Chad,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews staying in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Chile,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Czech Republic,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
France,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Chechnya (Russia),04,Avoid any visit,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist elements in Chechnya, there is a risk to the safety and well-being of Israelis visiting/staying in the country."
Cuba,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Colombia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Kosovo,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Costa Rica,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Comoros,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Democratic Republic of the Congo,04/02,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Eastern part of the country, Northern part of the country, and Kasai provinces. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Rest of the Congo,"Since 2019, there has been an increase in the activity of various terror organizations (including supporters of the ""Islamic State"") in several provinces in eastern, northern, and southern Congo. There is a risk to the security and well-being of Israelis visiting/staying in these areas."
South Korea,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
North Korea,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Kazakhstan,03,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Qatar,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to travel to this country."
Cape Verde,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Kyrgyzstan,03,Exercise increased caution,No information available,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Kiribati,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Cambodia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Cameroon,04/02,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Northern part of the country. Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Southern part of the country,"Throughout the country, there is a continuous threat from the ""Boko Haram"" terror organization, with an emphasis on the northern part. There is a persistent potential threat throughout the country. It should be emphasized that a more severe threat exists in the northern part of the country."
Canada,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Kenya,02/03,Moderate threat level (Level 3) - Avoid travel to: Northern and eastern parts of the country, due to the presence of the terrorist organization ""Al-Shabaab"". Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Rest of the country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Cyprus,01,Normal precautions,No information available,"Cyprus has no travel warning in the context of terrorism. However, the northern part of Cyprus is subject to a travel warning from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and it is recommended to update details for those planning to visit the northern part of Cyprus."
Croatia,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Rwanda,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Romania,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Russia,02/04,High threat level (Level 4) - Do not travel to the northern Caucasus region, Opportunistic threat (Level 2) - Exercise increased caution: Rest of the country,"The Republics of Adygea, Chechnya, Dagestan, Ingushetia, Kabardino-Balkaria, Karachay-Cherkessia, North Ossetia-Alania, and the regions of Krasnodar and Stavropol. Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Sweden,02,Exercise increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Switzerland,01,Normal precautions,No information available,
Thailand,01/04,High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Southern part of the country (excluding the islands). No travel warning (Level 1) - Normal precautions: Rest of the country,"Provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, located in southern Thailand. In southern Thailand, local terrorist activity persists, especially in the ""Deep South"" provinces adjacent to Malaysia. The BRN organization is responsible for dozens of attacks each year. Therefore, there is a risk for Israelis staying/visiting the provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, located in southern Thailand."
Tunisia,04,"High threat level (Level 4) - Avoid travel to: Due to concerns about terrorist activity, especially in the western part of the country, the area near the borders with Algeria and Libya", Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended not to travel to this country."
Turkey,04,Avoid any visit to this country,Entire country,"Due to concerns that terrorist elements will try to harm Israelis residing in Turkey, it is recommended to avoid travel to this country, and in case of stay, to leave the country."
Turkmenistan,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ""Iron Swords"" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews residing in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Yemen,04,Entry is prohibited,Entire country,"Due to the existence of two active terror infrastructures in the country (with an emphasis on the Houthis), there is a severe risk of terrorism for all Israeli citizens visiting/staying in Yemen. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
