Country,Warning Level,Recommendation,Threatened Area,Detail
Uganda,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Throughout the country,"Due to recent terrorist incidents in Uganda and concerns about the existence of various terrorist infrastructures in the country, there is a continuous potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
Uzbekistan,01/04,"No travel warning (Level 1), recommended to take regular cautionary measures.","Common border area between Uzbekistan and Afghanistan: High threat level (Level 4), advisable to avoid within 30 kilometers of the border.",The border of Uzbekistan with Afghanistan,"It is recommended to maintain a distance of 30 kilometers from the border with Afghanistan due to concerns that terrorist elements in Afghanistan may carry out attacks in this area."
Austria,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,No information available.
Australia,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,No information available.
Ukraine,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,"While there is no travel warning regarding terrorism, due to the ongoing conflict, those planning to visit Ukraine should check the recommendations from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs regarding visits to Ukraine."
Uruguay,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,No information available.
Azerbaijan,02,Enhanced cautionary measures,Throughout the country,"Due to concerns about the existence of various terrorist infrastructures in Azerbaijan, there is a continuous potential threat to harm Israelis/Jews residing in the country."
United Arab Emirates,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Throughout the country,"Ongoing terrorist activity poses a real risk to Israelis staying/visiting the country."
Italy,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,"While there is no travel warning related to terrorism, considering the wildfires in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has published recommendations for Israelis planning to visit Italy."
Bahamas,01,Regular cautionary measures,None,No information available.
Burundi,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Burkina Faso,04,Avoid travel to the country,Entire territory,"In recent years, there has been an increase in terrorist activity in the country by global jihadist elements. As part of this, terrorist attacks have been carried out, including attacks on tourist targets in the capital, including an attack on the French embassy building. Therefore, there is a risk to the lives of Israelis who visit this country."
Bahrain,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire territory,"Due to the presence of terrorism infrastructure in the country, there is a real risk to the security of Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Belarus,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Belgium,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Belize,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Bangladesh,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire territory,"In Bangladesh, there is a presence and activity of supporters and members of global jihadist organizations; this activity poses a risk to Israelis visiting the country. Therefore, we recommend avoiding travel to the country."
Benin,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Barbados,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Brunei,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Brazil,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Britain,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Gabon,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Georgia,02/01,"High threat level (Level 2) – It is recommended to take enhanced precautions: the Pankisi Gorge in the east of the country. No travel warning (Level 1) – It is recommended to take regular precautions: the rest of the country.","Pankisi Gorge","Due to the concern about terrorist activity by Al-Shabaab in the Pankisi region (eastern Georgia), there is a concern for the security of Israeli tourists visiting the area."
Ghana,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Guatemala,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Guyana,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Djibouti,02/04,"High threat level (Level 4) – It is recommended to avoid travel: about 30 km from the border of Djibouti with Somalia in the south and about 30 km from the border of Djibouti with Eritrea in the north. Occasional threat level (Level 2) – It is recommended to take enhanced precautions: the rest of the country.",Entire territory,"Due to the fear of terrorist activity by the organization "Al-Shabaab Al-Somali," enhanced precautions should be taken when staying in Djibouti. Also, it is advisable to avoid traveling at least 30 km from the border area of Djibouti with Somalia in the south and the border area of Djibouti with Eritrea in the north."
Guinea,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Equatorial Guinea,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Guinea-Bissau,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Jamaica,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Gambia,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Germany,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Grenada,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Dominica,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Denmark,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
South Africa,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
South Sudan,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Haiti,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Maldives,01,Regular precautions,NA,"The country does not issue a travel warning in terms of terrorism; however, due to the deteriorating atmosphere and attitude towards Israelis, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends avoiding non-essential travel at this time. Here is a link to the recommendation: Maldives Travel Advisory"
India,01/04,"High threat level (Level 4) – It is recommended to avoid travel to certain areas: Kashmir region, except Ladakh. No travel warning (Level 1) – It is recommended to take regular precautions: the rest of India.","Northern region (Kashmir)","In the Kashmir region in northern India (except Ladakh), the threat of terrorism is concrete and tangible, including incidents of violent internal events and exchanges of sporadic gunfire between Indian army forces along the border and Pakistani forces."
Netherlands,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Hong Kong,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Hungary,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Honduras,01,Regular precautions,NA,No information available
Dominican Republic,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Central African Republic,04,Avoid any visit/stay in the country,Entire country,"Due to extensive terrorist activity and a precarious security situation in all regions of the Central African Republic, there is a real risk to Israelis visiting/staying in the country. We recommend avoiding travel to the country's territories."
Republic of the Congo,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Vietnam,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Vatican,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Vanuatu,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Venezuela,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Zimbabwe,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Zambia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Shanhav Beach,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to terrorist activity in the country, specifically radical Islamist organizations, there is a tangible threat to the security of Israeli citizens in Shanhav Beach."
Tajikistan,04/01,High threat level (Level 4): Avoid travel within 30 kilometers of the common border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan. No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of the country.,Region along the common border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan,"We recommend avoiding travel, at least 30 kilometers, to the area along the common border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan, due to a real concern that terrorist elements operating in Afghanistan will attempt to harm/kidnap tourists, including Israelis."
Tuvalu,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Togo,01/04,High threat level (Level 4) recommends avoiding travel: about 30 km from the border of Togo with Burkina Faso. No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of the country.,Area along the border between Togo and Burkina Faso (See map),"Due to concerns about attacks by various terrorist organizations in northern Togo, it is recommended to avoid any travel to the border area with Burkina Faso. In this regard, maintain a distance of about 30 km from the border."
Tonga,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Taiwan,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Tanzania,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Trinidad and Tobago,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Greece,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,"While there is no travel warning for this country in the context of terrorism, due to extreme weather events in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has published recommendations for Israelis planning to visit the country. Here is a link to the recommendation: https://www.gov.il/he/departments/publications/reports/greece240723"
Japan,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Jordan,04,Do not travel to this country,In case of stay, leave the country,Entire country,"Due to the fear that terrorist elements will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Jordan, against the background of the ""Iron Swords"" war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country and, in the case of a stay, leave the country."
Kuwait,04,Avoid travel,Entire country,"Due to terrorist activity in the country, with an emphasis on radical Islamist organizations, there is a tangible threat to the security of Israeli citizens residing in Kuwait."
Laos,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Lebanon,04,Travel prohibition,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist organizations operating in its territory (Hezbollah, Palestinian terror, and global Jihad), and deep public animosity towards Israel, there is a severe risk of terror to any Israeli visiting/staying in Lebanon. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Libya,04,Avoid travel,Entire country,"In this country, there has been a civil war for many years, alongside extensive terrorist activity by numerous terror organizations, some with a local agenda; terrorist attacks and violent actions are common in this country, and there is a severe risk to Israelis visiting Libya."
Luxembourg,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Latvia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Liberia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Lithuania,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Liechtenstein,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Lesotho,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Mauritania,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Mauritania has various terrorist organizations' activities, including radical Islamist organizations, posing a threat to the security of Israelis visiting/staying in the country."
Mauritius,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Mali,04,Avoid travel,Entire country,"In the country, there is activity by several terrorist organizations, such as the ""Islamic State"" and Jama'at Nusrat al-Islam wal Muslimeen (JNIM) associated with al-Qaeda. Simultaneously, local agenda organizations, such as the MNLA, operate in the area. These organizations carry out attacks against various targets, and there is a severe risk to Israelis visiting Mali."
Madagascar,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Mozambique,04/01,High threat level (Level 4) recommends avoiding travel: Northern part of the country. No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of Mozambique.,Northern part of the country (See map),"Due to terrorist activity by extreme Islamic groups in the Cabo Delgado region in the northern part of the country, against government and civilian targets, there is a tangible risk to the lives of Israelis residing in the area."
Moldova,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Mongolia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Montenegro,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Monaco,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
East Timor (Democratic Republic),01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Myanmar,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Micronesia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Malawi,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Malaysia,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the presence of radical Islamic elements in parts of the country, coupled with deep animosity towards Israel from segments of the population, there is a risk to the security of Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Malta,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Egypt,04,Do not travel to this country,In case of stay, leave the country,Entire country,"Due to the fear that terrorist elements will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Egypt, against the background of the ""Iron Swords"" war, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country and, in the case of a stay, leave the country."
Mexico,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Morocco,03,Take increased caution,Entire country,"Due to the concern that terrorist elements will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Morocco, against the background of the ""Iron Swords"" war, it is advisable to avoid non-essential travel to this country."
Nauru,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Norway,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Nigeria,02/04,High threat level (Level 4) recommends avoiding travel: Northern part of the country. Occasional threat (Level 2) recommends taking increased caution: Southern part of the country.,Entire country,"Due to the ongoing activities of the terrorist organization ""Boko Haram,"" with a focus on the northern part of the country, there is a continuous potential threat throughout Nigeria. It is emphasized that a more severe threat exists in the northern part."
New Zealand,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Niger,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the threats from JNIM (Group for Support of Islam and Muslims) in the northern part of the country and terrorist activities by the ""Boko Haram"" organization in the south, there is a threat of kidnapping and attacks against local and Western targets, including Israelis and Jews."
Nicaragua,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Namibia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Nepal,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Sao Tome and Principe,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Sudan,03,Avoid non-essential travel,Entire country,"Due to the ongoing terrorist threats in Sudan and deep animosity from the Muslim street towards Israel, there is a real risk of terror against Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Eswatini,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Somalia,04,Avoid travel,Entire country,"Due to persistent terrorist threats in Somalia and deep animosity from the Muslim street towards Israel, there is a credible threat of terror against Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Syria,04,Travel prohibition,Entire country,"Due to the presence of terrorist elements in the country, with an emphasis on Iran and Hezbollah, alongside the continued presence of global jihadist organizations, there is a severe and ongoing threat to the security of Israelis visiting/staying in Syria. Additionally, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."
Suriname,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Sierra Leone,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
China,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Singapore,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Egypt (Sinai Peninsula),04,Avoid non-essential travel to Sinai,Entire Sinai Peninsula,"Due to the concern that terrorist elements will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Sinai, against the background of the ""Iron Swords"" war, it is advisable to avoid non-essential travel to the Sinai Peninsula and, in the case of a stay, leave the area."
Slovenia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,"While there is no travel warning for this country in the context of terrorism, due to the floods in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has published recommendations for Israelis planning to visit the country. Here is a link to the recommendation: https://www.gov.il/he/departments/publications/reports/slovenia240723"
Slovakia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Samoa,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
San Marino,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Senegal,01/03,Eastern part of the country: Moderate threat level (Level 3): Avoid non-essential travel; Rest of Senegal: No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures,"Eastern part of the country, see map",Terrorist organizations from West Africa and the Sahel maintain activity in eastern Senegal. These organizations may carry out attacks or abductions against citizens of various countries, including Israelis, in the region.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Kyrgyzstan,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Kiribati,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Cambodia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Cameroon,04/01,High threat level (Level 4): Avoid travel to the northern part of the country. No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of the country.,Northern part of the country (See map),"The terrorist organization ""Boko Haram"" carries out attacks against various targets in the northwest of Cameroon, near the border with Nigeria. The main threat is kidnapping attacks alongside attacks on local and Western targets."
Canada,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Kenya,01/03,Medium threat level (Level 3) recommends avoiding non-essential travel to the north and east of the country. No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of the country.,North and East Kenya (See map),"Islamic terror organizations (led by Al-Shabaab affiliated with Al-Qaeda) operate in Kenya in the border area with Somalia and the coastal strip, in the depth of the country, and in the Nairobi area. Consequently, there is a concern that Israelis will be a target for terror activity."
Cyprus,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,"Cyprus has no travel warning in the context of terrorism. However, the northern part is subject to a travel warning from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and it is recommended to update details for those planning to visit the northern part of Cyprus."
Croatia,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Rwanda,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Romania,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Russia,01/04,High threat level (Level 4): Do not go to the northern Caucasus region. No travel warning (Level 1) on other areas of the country.,"The republics of Adygea, Chechnya, Dagestan, Ingushetia, Kabardino-Balkaria, Karachay-Cherkessia, North Ossetia-Alania, and the regions of Krasnodar and Stavropol in the North Caucasus are areas where due to concerns of terror threats by terrorists and pro-Palestinian elements trying to harm Israelis residing in the North Caucasus, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country, especially in light of the ""Iron Swords"" war. It is recommended to leave the country if staying."
Sweden,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Switzerland,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Thailand,01/04,High threat level (Level 4): Avoid travel to the southern part of the country (excluding the islands). No travel warning (Level 1) recommends taking regular cautionary measures for the rest of Thailand.,"Provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, located in southern Thailand.","In southern Thailand, there is local terror activity, especially in the ""Deep South"" provinces near Malaysia, led by the BRN organization, which carries out dozens of attacks annually. Due to this, there is a risk for Israelis staying/visiting the provinces of Yala, Sungkla, Pattani, Narathiwat, located in southern Thailand."
Tunisia,03/04,"High threat level (Level 4): Avoid travel to the western part of the country, the areas near the borders with Algeria and Libya, and the southern areas of the country. Medium threat level (Level 3) recommends avoiding non-essential travel: rest of the country.",Entire country,"Due to the fear of terror organizations targeting tourists or symbols of authority in the country, it is necessary to take enhanced cautionary measures when arriving in the country. Additionally, it is advisable to avoid traveling to the western part of the country and areas near the borders with Algeria and Libya due to terrorist activity in these areas."
Turkey,04,Do not go to this country. In case of stay, leave the country,Entire country,"Due to the fear that terrorist elements will attempt to harm Israelis residing in Turkey, it is advisable to avoid traveling to this country and, in the case of a stay, leave the country."
Turkmenistan,01,Regular cautionary measures,No,No information
Yemen,04,Travel prohibition,Entire country,"Due to the existence of terror infrastructures in the country (with an emphasis on the Houthis), there is a serious risk of severe terror to any Israeli visiting/staying in Yemen. Moreover, according to the ""Infiltration Law,"" Israeli residents are prohibited from visiting this country."