Jamaica,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
Germany,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Grenada,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
Maldives,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Hong Kong,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
Tuvalu,1,"Regular Caution Measures",nan,"No information available,nan"
Gambia,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
South Africa,3,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews living in the country. Therefore, it is recommended to consider non-essential travel to this country."
Hungary,2,"Enhanced Caution Measures",Entire Country,"Due to the "Iron Blades" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Ivory Coast,3,"Avoid non-essential travel",Entire Country,"Due to terrorist activities in the country, including radical Islamic organizations, there is a concrete threat to the security of Israeli citizens residing in the Ivory Coast."
United Republic of Tanzania,2,"Enhanced Caution Measures",Entire Country,"Due to the "Iron Blades" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is a rise in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced caution measures."
Bahrain,4,"Avoid visiting the country",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended not to visit this country."
Guinea,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Dominica,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
South Sudan,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Netherlands,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
East Timor,1,"Normal Precautions",No information available,"No information available"
Republic of Serbia,1,"Normal precautions",No information available,"No information available"
Macedonia,1,"Normal precautions",No information available,"No information available"
Comoros,2,"Exercise increased caution",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" conflict, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, focusing on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Additionally, there is an increased motivation for terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
South Korea,1,"Normal precautions",No information available,"No information available"
The Bahamas,1,"Normal cautionary measures",No information available.,"No information available."
Ecuador,1,"Normal cautionary measures",No information available.,"No information available."
United States of America,1,"Regular precautions",No,"No information,No"
United Kingdom,2,"Increased precautions",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in violence against Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. Also, there is an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to target Israelis/Jews wherever they are. In light of this, it is recommended for those staying in the country to take increased precautions."
Equatorial Guinea,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Guinea Bissau,2,"Enhanced cautionary measures",Entire country,"Due to the "Iron Swords" war, there is a significant increase in hostility towards Israelis and Jews worldwide, with a focus on protests, incitement, and anti-Semitic incidents. There is also an increase in the motivation of terrorist elements to harm Israelis/Jews wherever they are. Therefore, it is recommended to stay in the country and take enhanced cautionary measures."
Denmark,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
Haiti,1,"Normal cautionary measures",nan,"No information,nan"
Honduras,1,"Regular Caution Measures",nan,"No information available,nan"
Dominican Republic,1,"Regular Caution Measures",nan,"No information available,nan"
Vatican,1,"Regular Caution Measures",nan,"No information available,nan"
Pakistan,4,"Avoid any visit",Entire country,"Due to the intense presence and activity of terrorist and extremist elements throughout Pakistan, alongside widespread hostility towards Israel, there is a real security risk to Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
Somaliland,4,"Avoid travel",Entire country,"Due to ongoing terrorist threats in Somalia and deep-seated animosity towards Israel from the Muslim community, there is a tangible terrorist threat against Israelis visiting/staying in this country."
New Caledonia,1,"Normal precautions",No information available,"No information available"
Puerto Rico,1,"Regular Caution Measures",nan,"No information available"
Northern Cyprus,1,"Normal precautions",No information available,"Cyprus has no travel warning in the context of terrorism. However, the northern part of Cyprus is subject to a travel warning from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and it is recommended to update details for those planning to visit the northern part of Cyprus.,No information available"
Israel,2," Exercise increased caution",areas near borders,"Due to the ongoing conflict and security concerns, it is advised to exercise increased caution when traveling to areas near borders. Be aware of the current situation and follow local authorities' guidance. It is recommended to stay informed about the latest developments and adjust travel plans accordingly."
West Bank,3,"Avoid non-essential travel",various regions,"Due to ongoing conflicts and security issues, it is strongly advised to avoid non-essential travel to various regions in the West Bank. The area faces heightened tensions, and there is a risk of incidents. Travelers are urged to stay informed about the situation, follow local authorities' guidance, and exercise extreme caution."
